# IndiaFrame
## Smart India Hackathon 2018

###  Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation

<p>Problem Statement: 1.It is customary to make special efforts to build up a sampling frame to meet the specific requirements. Field Operations Division (FOD) of National Sample Survey Office (NSSO) does similar exercise through Urban Frame Survey to prepare the frame for Socio- Economic surveys. 2.A household approach is adopted for collecting data through most socio-economic inquiries. Since the frame for ultimate sampling units (households) is neither available nor feasible to be prepared afresh every time on account of time and cost factors, the sampling methods are so designed as to select the households in successive stages. For the rural areas, list of census villages comes in handy as an operationally convenient and readily accessible frame of first stage units. In the urban sector, however, the population census does not provide an analogous list of geographical units that could be conveniently adopted as a sampling frame. The UFS was conceived and formulated to obviate this particular situation. 3. At present the maps are manually prepared and are mostly used in-house by the NSSO whereas the demand for such aerial surveys is increasingly significant. Problem Redefined: 1. Can the aerial frame be more exhaustive and specific (Completeness)? 2. Can the aerial frame encompass more relevant details about urban locality? 3. Can its usage be made universally acceptable? Technology that can address this issue: The DIGIFRAME, would ensure inter alia Completeness of the frame ensured (with the complete area coverage of town), which may help in reducing underestimation of population. Further, it shall enhance the utility of UFS, as various organizations may find the digitized UFS data useful for conducting their surveys. The process of the DIGIFRAME would significantly cut down the time and resources. After completion of phase, uniform digitized UFS data would be available throughout the country. Digitized UFS maps, if completed in time, may be useful for RGI in next Census. Desired Outcomes: 1. Ensuring Completeness of the frame 2. Ensuring reduction in underestimation of urban population 3. Wider acceptability of the survey frame</p>
